content/publication/AttitudesAndIdentity/index.md, before:

---
# Documentation: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/managing-content/

title: "The Effect of Racial and Ethnic Attitudes on Hispanic Identity in the U.S"
authors: [Hussain Hadah]
date: "2021-09-20T00:00:00Z"
doi: ""

# Schedule page publish date (NOT publication's date).
publishDate: 2021-09-20T12:36:24-05:00

# Publication type.
# Legend: 0 = Uncategorized; 1 = Conference paper; 2 = Journal article;
# 3 = Preprint / Working Paper; 4 = Report; 5 = Book; 6 = Book section;
# 7 = Thesis; 8 = Patent
publication_types: ["4"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated publication name.
publication: "_Works in Progress_"
publication_short: ""

abstract: " "

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary: "In this paper, I study the causes of a change in a person's identity. I also investigate whether a change in identity affects labor and marriage markets outcomes."

tags: []
categories: []
featured: false

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment and edit lines below to show custom links.
# links:
# - name: Follow
#   url: https://twitter.com
#   icon_pack: fab
#   icon: twitter

url_pdf:
url_code:
url_dataset:
url_poster:
url_project:
url_slides: https://hhadah.github.io/Spring2022Presentation/HussainHadah_Spring2022.html
url_source:
url_video:

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Associated Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `internal-project` references `content/project/internal-project/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects: []`.
projects: []

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this publication with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides: "example"` references `content/slides/example/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides: ""`.
slides: "https://hhadah.github.io/Spring2022Presentation/HussainHadah_Spring2022.html#1"
---

Commit message:

edit summary for attitudes paper and add reserach experience gadget

content/publication/AttitudesAndIdentity/index.md, after:

---
# Documentation: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/managing-content/

title: "The Effect of Racial and Ethnic Attitudes on Hispanic Identity in the U.S"
authors: [Hussain Hadah]
date: "2021-09-20T00:00:00Z"
doi: ""

# Schedule page publish date (NOT publication's date).
publishDate: 2021-09-20T12:36:24-05:00

# Publication type.
# Legend: 0 = Uncategorized; 1 = Conference paper; 2 = Journal article;
# 3 = Preprint / Working Paper; 4 = Report; 5 = Book; 6 = Book section;
# 7 = Thesis; 8 = Patent
publication_types: ["4"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated publication name.
publication: "_Works in Progress_"
publication_short: ""

abstract: " "

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary: "In this paper, I study the how racial and ethnic attitudes affect a person's own identity."

tags: []
categories: []
featured: false

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment and edit lines below to show custom links.
# links:
# - name: Follow
#   url: https://twitter.com
#   icon_pack: fab
#   icon: twitter

url_pdf:
url_code:
url_dataset:
url_poster:
url_project:
url_slides: https://hhadah.github.io/Spring2022Presentation/HussainHadah_Spring2022.html
url_source:
url_video:

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Associated Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `internal-project` references `content/project/internal-project/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects: []`.
projects: []

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this publication with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides: "example"` references `content/slides/example/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides: ""`.
slides: "https://hhadah.github.io/Spring2022Presentation/HussainHadah_Spring2022.html#1"
---
